---
date: 2025-11-17
members:
  - Emma Delescolle
  - Frank Wiles
  - Lily Acorn
  - Tim Schilling
attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
---

## Agenda

- Django.staticsite
- New features link on roadmap page
- Community survey
- DEP 10 Revisions


## Action Items

- Emma: Draft blog post on 6.x Features - still need to setup a meeting with the fellows about that
- Frank: Write blog post about packages eco-system (Do on own blog given recent dp.com post.) 
- All: Collect preferences for 6.1 release
- Sovereign Tech Fund
    - Emma: Get one or more project(s) ready (maybe Admin or at least list of places to start)
    - Plan another meeting with Lexi once the above is done
- Tim: Facilitate discussion amongst Security Team about progressing https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/56 
- Tim: Follow up with CoC regarding governance changes and if there are concerns with the reductions in language
- Tim: Send technical governance updates for an early review from the Board.
- Create an issue in new-features and maybe DEP about django.staticfile


### Sovereign Tech Fund

- Admin is one project
- Types could be the other project, but requires a DEP
    - Lily may attempt to do this pending time, but anyone else can take it over if they get to it first 


### Django.staticsite

- https://github.com/meeb/django-staticsite - https://github.com/meeb/django-staticsite-example
- Emma reached out months ago to Meeb, who did django distill.
- Meeb finished the rewrite of Django.staticsite, ready to go.
- Next step is create an issue in new-features and maybe DEP

### New features link on roadmap page

- Referencing an issue (a mention of the forum as the place to go to add a new feature, should mention new-features repo) brought up in slack.
- https://www.djangoproject.com/download/6.1/roadmap/ 
    - This is likely in a template in the djangoproject.com repo


### Community survey

- Board asked how, if at all, would we like to be involved
- JetBrains wants to start the survey process in April/May
- There are SC topics that would be great to be in the survey
- What would our responsibilities be?
    -  Likely coordinating on what questions are included, making sure there aren’t duplicates. This may have changed from when he last associated with it.
- Possible questions to add:
    - “If you aren’t currently, what’s stopping you from using Django at work?’
    - Have you ever contributed to Django? How much?
    - Are you familiar with the third-party-package process?
- Frank is willing to shepherd this.
    - Let Jacob know SC can take ownership for next year at least

### DEP 10 Revisions

- Discussion around removing the rules around not revisiting topics for 6 months
    - Why was this provision added?
    - Prevent someone from bothering the SC
        - If someone is being annoying, it’s can become a CoC issue
    - Avoid the SC from quickly changing a bunch of things
        - We want the SC to be able to this though.
    - Let’s check with CoC team if they have any history, and confirm they are okay
- Discussion around preventing DEPs when an election is called
    - We tend to want to change our membership governance at this exact time so this gets in the way of positive change at times
    - The board still needs to approve the changes
    - The board doesn't have a minimum quorum size, but does require at least 3 members
    - Ask the board how they want to handle this, should it be in our document or in the DSF by laws?
- Clean up the above, then submit to the board for an earlier review before public DEP
