---
date: 2025-01-27
members:
  - Carlton Gibson
  - Emmanuelle Delescolle
  - Frank Wiles
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
other_attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Jacob Kaplan-Moss
---

## Agenda

- GSoC
- Communication with Fellows
- Action items from Django Contributing processes overview and Q&A with Fellows
- Third party package elevation (packages and other links)

### GSOC

- Bhunesh is asking for us to lead the effort to collect projects
- Project selection in progress, based on open projects and who wants to lead that project. Carlton emphasized the importance of having a project mentor before selecting projects.
- [GSoC 2025 Execution Plan for DSF](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tqYwgdRfFxQcZXysLkqHNxdWwESwOREu9aZPT4dOlwI/edit?usp=sharing)
- Possible mentors (we need to reach out to them):
  - Adam Johnson
  - Simon Charette
  - Mariusz
  - Sage Abdullah
  - Django Packages (Ryan Cheley and Jeff Triplett), they’ve been notified already
  - Baptiste for djangoproject.com
  - Tom Carrick about admin command module
  - Tim to ping Past Navigators
  - __Note for readers, if you're interested in mentoring please get in touch__
- Tim notes that there are options for shorter projects as well, 8 weeks instead of 12.


### Communication with Fellows

- When the steering council comes up with an idea that could potentially impact the Fellows, how should that communication go? Particular concern is if a change could directly add to their workload.
- Communication more generally — we need to begin that. 
- Posting our Steering Council meeting notes
  - Forum vs djangoproject.com
  - Forum is easier to just do, and the most interested people will see it easily.
  - Potentially keep in github and then repost to the forum.
  - “CoC++” discussion. Keeping discussion civil above and beyond minimum CoC guidelines.

### Django Contributing processes overview and Q&A

- Getting community members to do code review.
- Discussion around bug fixes and release blockers.
- Releases can be delayed, its happened in the past and should be allowed in the future.
- Release dates changed in the past without notification and without complaint.
- We should post a public update after the discussion with the Fellows.
- How to improve the contributor experience?


### Third-party Packages

- Create a Steering Council curated list on a single page for djangoproject.com
- Should set up a annual review of this list after it's created
- Lists from Council Members


## Action Items

- Tim to invite Fellows to next week’s meeting
- Tim to start forum thread for meeting notes
- Emma to check-in with possible mentors about GSoC
- Tim to ping Past Navigators about GSoC mentoring
- Tim to publish SC GitHub focus project, make sure it’s private so folks can’t create issues/comments
- Frank will start a discussion with them on Slack as well. We want to communicate to Fellows that timelines are flexible.
- Frank will take on outlining the document for packages and other resources.
- Tim to create issue on djangopackages.com to announce SC’s work on community resources page
- Next week’s discussion - Improving contributor experience
