---
date: 2025-03-17
members:
  - Carlton Gibson
  - Emmanuelle Delescole
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Jacob Kaplan-Moss
---

## Agenda

- Third-party package / community page
- Adam Hill blog post on admin themes
- GSoC communications
- New feature idea initial steps


## Action items

- Carlton: talk to Frank and others about the tpp/community page with the goal of getting it live soon.
- Carlton: work on blog posts themes and will talk with Sarah A to get it live soon.
- Tim: Remove project that doesn't have 2025 mentor on GSoC 2025 wiki
- Lily: Post the personas message
- Tim: Let the Fellows know about state of feature idea process
- Tim: Start defining the remaining edges around asking for DEPs and how to determine if we have capability to implement

### Third-party package / community page

- Starting work on HTML/markup
- The SC then to review list of things on page
- Will need to reach out to website WG about raising awareness of page

### Adam Hill blog post on admin themes

- Adam Hill wrote a blog post about admin themes. Will coordinate with Sarah A to get posted

### GSoc Communications

- How much communication should a mentor be doing with prospects

### New feature idea initial steps

- Reviewed draft document
- The published version should be an overview, then have sections broken up for each of them similar to the review check-list
- When possible, input should be Steering Council + interested others.
- Need to be cautious about unnecessary gatekeeping with many checks in the process
- Next things:
  - Finish up the remaining undefined parts
  - Consult with Fellows and other contributors
  - Create DEP with the new process
  - Create POC area for ideas to be created
