---
date: 2025-03-03
members:
  - Carlton Gibson
  - Emmanuelle Delescolle
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
other_attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Jacob Kaplan-Moss
---

## Agenda

- Teams to Working Groups
- Code of Conduct communication
- Third party package / community site changes
- Sovereign tech fund
- New feature idea initial steps


## Action items

- Lily: Draft blog post for applying for sovereign tech fund as call for community involvement
- Emma: Respond to Lexi expressing our interest
- Jacob: Fix Carlton’s permissions on djangoproject.com
- Emma: Edit the GSoC wiki after checking with others
- In the future:
  - Lily: Forum post with persona types
  - Survey to collect the people who match those types

### Teams to Working Groups

No update

### Code of Conduct communication

Waiting on Code of Conduct Working Group to meet and discuss any needs with the Steering Council.

### Third party package / community site changes

- Branch set up
- Investigating design

### Sovereign tech fund

- Should this be a board, or a steering council duty?
  - Consensus on Steering Council should lead this for now
- Do we have anything that would be fundable?
  - Potentially there could be multiple projects that qualify
  - Perhaps mulit-factor authentication
  - Not everything has to be completely figured out before the grant is applied for
  - Need to poll the community
  - What would make the Fellows' live easier?
  - There are things that could be modernized without overly interfering with user experience
  - Splitting repos without it interfering with users
  - Potentially include a code audit
- Open questions:
  - How can funds be sent?
    - Directly to the person or to the DSF
    - The tech fund may prefer it to be sent directly to the person if they’re in Europe
  - Can we fund a DEP?
    - It has to be 200 days worth of work, so yes, but it also involves the implementation
- Next steps
  - Talk to the community and make a blog post


### New feature idea initial steps

- Personas collection and next steps
  - How to collect personas we've missed?
  - After gathering the personas we will want to understand how their needs are met:
    - Maybe a video call or two to discuss
    - Maybe a targeted forum post
    - Maybe ask them to share privately via a form or survey
  - How do we find people who are not in our communication circles?
  - Next steps:
    - Posting on the forum to see if the personas make sense
    - Allow people to identify others
    - Follow-up with those who respond for a more detailed discussion
- Document for review on initial feature ideas
