---
date: 2025-01-13
members:
  - Carlton Gibson
  - Emmanuelle Delescole
  - Frank Wiles
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
attendees:
---

## Agenda

1. Status update on blog post
2. What do we want to spend these meetings on?
3. Discussions publicity
   - Finding balance between discussing things amongst ourselves versus bringing in the community
   - What types of interaction can people have on thread limited to certain users?
4. Asking Polls for the Django community
    - Discourse supports a polls feature
5. Steering Council roadmap
    - Could use a GitHub project with a kanban
6. Why are DEPs hard?
    - RST
    - Higher academic language
    - The several accounts you need to have
    - The uncertainty of the shepherd role, implementation team
    - Is the purpose of DEP idea or a change request
    - We don't do a good job of identifying an interesting idea needing to be a DEP
7. How can we make DEPs easier?
    - A friendly guide to getting a DEP.
    - When is a DEP needed
    - We need to find a way to help prevent people spending too much time drafting a DEP
    - GitHub repo for ideas and then routing that into some kanban board
    - Could define forum's purpose more tightly around what to expect from discussions
    - [Review Ember's process](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs)
    - Clear messaging that ideas [on forum] may not get a response instantly. 
    - Clarify Triage Workflow around "wontfix" label. Change to "Discussion needed" or something. 
    - Create flow chart
8. Communication around issues in general
    - There have been people who have tried to communicate concerns but haven't understood what Trac was for or what the process was 
9. Other logistical questions?
    - Meeting notes
        - Raw notes in Google docs
        - Public Markdown on github
        - Spend a few minutes at the end to review the notes for what shouldn't be published.
        - Have markdown reviewed before posting, wait on some thumbs ups
        - Bring in Jacob/Katherine/DSF for assistance on note taking
    - GSoC
        - Likely needs a dedicated person/team/WG
        - Other orgs have a dedicated community position
        - Need to talk with Natalia, Sarah, (Thibaud previous admin) about who should do this
    - How to contact us?
        - Does the forum limit DMs for new folks?
        - For feature requests, they should likely become DEPs and then we can weigh in on them
        - As requests come in, we need to organize them


## Action items

- Emma: Ask JKM about post on the blog (otherwise Frank has access)
- Tim - Ask for our team to get access to post to djangoproject.com
- Emma - Post on Mariusz thread about approval
- Tim - Ask JKM for help on notetaking for meetings
- Create actual list of things we need to talk about -> GitHub repo issues
- Carlton: Call for volunteers for triage workflow documentation
- Emma: To ask Natalia for merge permissions on the DEPs repo
- Tim: Take over https://github.com/django/deps/pull/91 to finish
- Next month's topic: Third party libraries
