---
date: 2025-03-24
members:
  - Emmanuelle Delescole
  - Frank Wiles
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Jacob Kaplan-Moss
---

## Agenda

- Review meeting times due to daylight savings in Europe
- Fellows are joining March 31st meeting
- Discussion around new feature diagram

## Action items

N/A

## Discussion around new feature diagram

- Diagram needs further communication and clarification
- Merge state may be confusing as it could be conveying that all packages are attempting to get merged into core
  - Ideas can stop at any point in the workflow
  - Diagram should reflect that
  - SC can help promote third-party packages
  - SC can help the community avoid rebuilding the same packages unnecessarily
- Need clarification on the roles and decision making at various points in the new flow
  - Can use the personas we're collecting
- If this process doesn't work well, we can reevaluate
