---
date: 2025-02-11
members:
  - Emmanuelle Delescole
  - Frank Wiles
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Natalia Bidart
---

## Agenda

- Approving public notes process
- Fellows discussion
  - Moving new features out of Trac
  - Team charters to define expectations
  - Fellows office hours
  - Using Google Summer of Code to automate process work
- GSoC update

### Approving public notes process

- Streamline process by setting a deadline for public notes review


### Fellows discussion

#### Moving new features out of Trac

- Getting it off of Trac and off the Fellow’s area is supported
- There may be another place for it besides the Forum, such as organized issue tracker / GitHub
- The Fellows suggested the Forum as a place that is already in use, and that it gets more engagement than Trac or Github.
  - The Fellows don't need to be a part of the initial process definining discussion
  - The Fellows should be consulted when there are details around the process when ideas are well defined and candidates to be added into Django
- One option is to start ideas on the Forum and then move
  - Can we gather data that shows the usage of the Forum (and GitHub, Trac by extension)
  - We could use the Forum and Discord as funneling communities that feed into a long-term feature tracker

#### Team charters to define expectations

- The Board is working on defining the Working Group template/skeleton for teams
  - The Steering Council should reach out to see if help is needed, pending Carlton's opinion


#### Fellows office hours

- There are limitations to our contribution efforts
- Attempting to grow the Triage and Review team through education/training
  - Fellows want to do more of this
  - It requires a large investment of time, so we need qualified/proven candidates
  - Office hours could be a specific time for training for it to be organized and time limited
  - Potentially could look to former Fellows to help here, but they'd still need to be involved in the day-to-day efforts as things change
  - It's important that we find people who have the right personality and an attention to detail
  - People should be here to stick around for a while
  - The Accessibility team has had two Djangonaut Space teams and could become a feeder program for that team. That may be a pattern to reproduce
    - Would require additional training/education as most Djangonauts (mentees) are unaware of the Triage and Review team and process.
- To help with Triaging and Review trustworthiness, we could create a Django Score
  - Would allow us to have two people whose scores add up to a threshold do something neither could do alone (approve a PR, accept a ticket, etc)
  - Could start as an info-only bot
  - Discussion on this to continue on Steering Council Forum with Natalia around what Fellows' needs can be automated 
  - Sarah Boyce will be giving a talk on how to do Django code reviews


#### Using Google Summer of Code to automate process work

- Fellows wanted to investigate if a group from GSoC or Djangonaut Space is interested in automating some of these items
  - Fellows would be stakeholders in these projects, not mentors
- Fellows want a way for more essential PRs to get more attention
- Lily is potentially interested in mentoring a project like this if no one else volunteers first
- It might be possible to start by closing old/stale PRs
  - Some communities automatically close within a month or week, we could start older
  - This requires further discussion


### GSoC update

- Emma has created a contact list for mentors and projects
  - Needs help getting a hold of Simon Charette
- Bhuvnesh is trying to collect the projects on the Wiki
- There's an application deadline this week for the Django org


## Action items

- Data gathering on use of Forum and other spaces, and implications for organizing new features
- Tim to reach out to Jeff if he wants help with the skeleton/template working group for teams (pending Carlton’s opinion)
- Frank and Emma- looking into how Github bots could help automate some parts of the work that currently falls on Fellow
- Natalia to add process automation requirements to SC Forum thread 
- Emma will reach out to see if more information on GSoC needs to be solidified by tomorrow or Wednesday, or if there is more time
- Tim to add discussing closing old PRs to the Steering Council backlog
- Next Fellows meeting is March 2nd or just Sarah joins
