---
date: 2025-09-15
members:
  - Emma Delescolle
  - Frank Wiles
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
other_attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Jacob Kaplan-Moss
---

## Agenda

- Team to WG Structure update
- DEP 10 Refactor
- New Features Process
- Building for future Steering Councils
- AI Working Group / Team


## Action items

- Tim: Preliminary review of DEP 10 adjustments
- Tim: Create security team WG PR
- Emma: Draft blog post on 6.x Features - still need to setup a meeting with the fellows about that
- Frank: Write blog post about packages eco-system
- All: Start process of reviewing new-features ideas, propose an action and request feedback
- All: Collect preferences for 6.1 release [and now Django on the Med roadmap]
- Sovereign Tech Fund
    - Emma: Get one or more project(s) ready (maybe Admin or at least list of places to start)
    - Check with fellows if billing scheme is ok
    - Plan another meeting with Lexi once the above is done


### Team to WG Structure update

- Should be able to create a PR in the next week or two for the Security team to review

### DEP 10 Refactor

- Started by converting from formal language to less formal
- Trying to reduce the scope as much as possible to start, then re-add based on what's needed

### New Features Process

- Several things moved forward!
- If we don’t react fast enough on that repo (ie: within a month or 2) people go back to the forum, fragmenting the conversation, which isn't ideal
    - Want to plan this for off-weeks once a month
    - Expect an hour of time for these meetings
- Who can help with this?
    - Tim is currently working on other topics and can't help with triaging new features
    - Potentially create a new team
    - Potentially have past SC members help
    - Potentially have a feature review office hour
    - Settled on continuing with the process as is for at least another month
- Had our first case of, "this is a bug, not a feature"!
- Want to highlight things that need attention from the community
    - Start with a forum thread announcement
    - Will relay each post to the social media team for better reach amongst the community
- We've asked several people to write DEPs for new features
    - We realize this isn't ideal, we want to make this easier by simplifying the DEP process or helping people, but we lack capacity at the moment
    - We may have time to look into simplifying the DEP process in October
    - Only two issues need the full DEP process (User Model and Modernized admin)


### takeFirst new feature discussion

- Will remove lock on Wed
- CoC WG informed us to prepare a prepared response when locking things and to notify the CoC WG when we take such an action
- We also need a prepared response when unlocking things


### Building for future Steering Councils

- Need to document standardized actions for the next Steering Council
- Can create a Google Doc with tabs for various actions
- Share links to the folder in the readme and pinned slack message

### AI Working Group / Team

- The slop PRs and security reports are problematic, but can work around it by asking people to disclose that
- People are using it and it’s not going away, which suggests we should have a stance on it
- There are valid concerns
    - There are ethical concerns about how LLMs were built
    - Parts of the community may be upset with any adoption
- Are we jumping on an immature technology?
- Will teams serve as a motivator / enabler for people to contribute to the community
