---
date: 2025-05-12
members:
  - Carlton Gibson
  - Emma Delescole
  - Frank Wiles
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Jacob Kaplan-Moss
  - Natalia Bidart
---

## Agenda

- Fellow’s 6.x feature priorities
- Community page update
- Accessibility Team -> WG update
- Sovereign Tech Fund update
- New Features process
- Hiring a new Fellow - target August


## Action items

- SC: Provide guidance on Fellow’s 6.x features
- Frank making 2025-04-14’s notes ready to share with the public.
- Communicate the preferences to the Fellows
- Emma: Draft blog post on 6.x Features
- Tim to reach out to Lexi to reschedule
- Carlton to create a new ticket for a new column and close the others for issues 4 and 12
- Tim to close https://github.com/django/new-features/pull/21
- Lily to move “Approved” in the board header/titles


### Fellow’s 6.x feature priorities

- Want to identify two or three things that we would prefer to see
- Setting a priority list is very valuable to other (non-Fellow) contributors, so they know how they can help
- Things below the line could be fundraising opportunities
- These shouldn't be treated as goals or things to be measured against
- These are upcoming items at some point, some will be  in 6.0 or 6.1, that some might be much later

### Community page update

- https://github.com/django/djangoproject.com/pull/2060 
- Ideally want to have blurbs about when to use various packages and resources


### Accessibility team -> WG update

- https://github.com/django/dsf-working-groups/pull/34
- Agreement on this direction, the PR can be merged

### Sovereign Tech Fund

- Someone needs to reach out to Lexi to reschedule, 1 month from now
- We’d need to select a project that would qualify for the Sovereign Tech Fund
- Want to meet with Lexi to understand more about tech fund
    - Can we submit more than 1
    - What exactly are they offering?


### New Features Process

- We should make a change to map/link the wording between the kanban board and the flowchart
- How do we want to handle feature ideas that span several changes?
    - https://github.com/django/new-features/pull/21 
- We should add component tags or categories as labels
    - There's an existing GHA: https://github.com/django/new-features/blob/main/.github/workflows/setup_labels.yml
    - Source file: https://github.com/django/new-features/blob/main/.github/labels.yml 
- Emma created a threshold algorithm that identifies things that can likely move along to the next stage
- Feels like the process is working, there are fewer feature discussions on the forum and trac.
- Discussion around restricting discussion on Rust templates
    - There may be a need for future questions about feature ideas, but they would need to be posed manually

### Fellow update

- Will be bringing a third Fellow in August, it will be a 1 year contract, full-time position, open to less than that
- Fellowship WG will be having a job post up in the next month
- This is in the board meeting notes
