---
date: 2025-02-03
members:
  - Carlton Gibson
  - Emmanuelle Delescolle
  - Lily Foote
  - Tim Schilling
attendees:
  - Catherine Holmes
  - Jacob Kaplan-Moss
  - Natalia Bidart
---

## Agenda

- GSoC update
- Fellow discussion

### GSoC Update

- Reviewed several open tickets, suggested closing a large number of open tickets as a project.
- Grouping tickets along a theme could create a project
  - ORM and admin are a starting point for looking for groups, if easier tickets among them can be found. Perhaps templates. Async and caching.
- Need to communicate or reserve tickets to avoid conflicts with Djangonaut Space
- Emma requested dump of Trac issues for easier parsing
- Sorting projects by difficulty is good, to assign applicants based on skills.
- Mentoring volunteers must be kept in mind as areas are selected.
- Carlton wants to mentor the template partial integration


### Fellow discussion

- Work needs to be moved away from the Fellows, they are at max capacity.
- Most of the duties of the Fellows overlap with existing Teams
  -  There are a few things like releases that only a few other people besides the fellows can do.
  - Knowledge and availability is what sets Fellows apart
- The community would benefit from more accountability and structure for groups and teams
- Discussion around narrowing Fellow's job requirements
  - Not a lot of benefit
- Fellows need to make decisions on priority of issues
  - This is really difficult and exacts a toll
- If work is transitioned to other, there be some failures which is part of the process of transitioning
  - It's possible to give people the same training the Fellows recieve. This can reduce failures
  - That training info is in documentation, but there's a human component that's required
  - Need to be aware if a person is developing too narrow of expertise in the community
- One of the benefits to groups is recognition in the community
  - Code owner groups could be notified if an issue in their area comes up
  - Trac supports rss feeds based on component
- Fellows listed several quick win proposals for async discussion
  - Move new feature ideas out of Trac
  - Team charters specifiying clear expectations
  - Office hours from Fellows
  - GSoC to automate work for processes

## Action items

- Tim: Get Emma invited to gsoc-organization channel on discord
- Emma: reach out to potential mentors for GSoC
- Emma: Making a sheet to track mentors and topics
- All, including Fellows: Discuss quick-wins async
- Long term item: Making lists for how to get on and stay a team or group, what is required, and determining any training that is needed.
- Fellows to join next weekâ€™s meeting
